update getting started docs with one-click install info (#260)
purduesigbots/pros-docs: v5/getting-started/windows.rst

Installing on Windows
=====================

.. note:: 
   The recommended method for installing PROS on all platforms is now using our
   VS Code extension. Instructions for this can be found on the :doc:`./index`
   page.
   
   If you do not want to use VS Code, the method below will allow you to install
   the old, deprecated fork of Atom we call the PROS Editor or the CLI by iteslf.
   
   If you are an advanced user looking to install the PROS CLI through Python pip,
   check out the instructions on the :doc:`./linux` page instead.

> To start using PROS 3 on Windows, simply download the latest version of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start using PROS for V5 on Windows, simply download the latest version of the

```
